[guard 1] Coffee?
[guard 2] For sure.
Thanks, man.
[exasperated sigh]
[guard 1]
You ready for next week?
[guard 2] What's next week?
[guard 1]
Superhuman evasion training.
We have to get recertified.
Look, I...
I get the need,
but it's the worst.
When I was on the force,
you had to do hand-to-hand
training all the time.
The guy comes at you
with a knife,
you gotta be ready,
but, uh, this is...
th-this is something else.
I'm supposed to learn
to tuck and roll
away from a guy
who can shoot lasers
from his eyes,
or control minds,
or kick a goddamn schoolbus
to the moon?
It's the job.
You're awful calm
about it.
Hell, last time
you sprained your back.
You...
Aw, shit, wait,
you're not even
gonna be here, are you?
Sucks to be you!
[chuckles]
I'll be living it up
in London,
seeing the sights,
eating Indian food.
Enjoy getting laser burn.
Oh, you're gonna be gone
the whole time?
All friggin' week?
Two.
All of Matt's spring break.
The boy is obsessed
with The Beatles.
He wants to go
to Abbey Road,
he wants to visit
Apple Records.
I might even get to see
some things I want to see,
if we have time.
And it's just the two of you?
You sure about that, Steve?
I thought you two
hated each other
with the burning fury
of a thousand suns.
[chuckles]
Well, maybe a hundred.
I mean, Matt,
he had it rough, you know,
but he's really
pulled himself together.
With what you told me
that kid was doing?
The stealing, the drugs?
How'd you turn that around?
Good morning.
It wasn't easy.
The thing is,
when Molly and I
first got together,
he was living with his dad,
and he was just running wild.
Kid was a real asshole.
You saw the shiner he gave me.
That's all behind us now.
He stared down his demons,
and he...
damn it, he conquered them.
I've never done anything
that hard in my life.
We're so damn proud
of the guy...
of the man that he's becoming.
So he wants to go to London,
Molly and I scraped together
enough to make it happen.
We wanted to show him
how much we appreciate
all his hard work.
I never had a kid of my own.
I wasn't there
when he was born.
I didn't teach him
how to ride a bike,
or throw a ball...
...but in a few months,
when he walks
across that stage,
and accepts that diploma...
...that is my son.
Oh, you... you just take
all the time you need.
Why don't I just
make some hot cocoa
to cheer up my sweet boy?
Come on, like you're not
crying on my shoulder
every time you don't get
a second date?
[earthquake rumbling]
What was...
[crows cawing in alarm]
[deep rumbling]
[earth cracking]
[explosion]
[targeting motors whine]
[♪♪♪]
[chuckles wickedly]
We were supposed
to be inside.
I should never have trusted
the flawed calculations
of a clone.
Clone?
I am not!
[growls]
This was always
the plan.
The president
is targeting us,
so we shatter the illusion
of his safety.
It's not enough
for us to kill him.
It has to be a spectacle.
You'd know this
if you were truly the original.
[panicking]
Oh, god, oh, god, oh, god...
Refreshing.
Kind of tickles.
Mm, I prefer
a higher caliber.
[chuckles wickedly]
- [shot ricochets]
- Huh?
[nervously]
I order...
I order you...
You order what?
[shoots]
[screams]
Kill that one
and move on!
Your eye is as replaceable
as you are.
I am the original!
Steve, look out!
[roaring]
[distant battle cries]
[♪♪♪]
Sorry I'm late!
Red Rush,
get this guy out of here!
Focus on evac!
We can deal with these two
once the area is clear!
We can take it from here!
Fall back, help us
evacuate civilians!
[soldier] Yes, ma'am!
Damn it! Run!
[Mauler Two falling]
[Mauler Two] War Woman...
Please, you couldn't just
sit this one out?
Let us kill the President?
Haven't you earned a day off?
Not our style.
Sorry.
This isn't
a spectator sport!
Move!
[crowds screaming in panic]
No!
Stay together, stay together,
stay together, stay together!
Don't move.
You're safe now.
I got 'em!
They're in the clear.
- You are on President duty.
- On it.
Sorry, I wouldn't normally
move so fast,
but there were
so many of you that...
- [vomiting]
- Oh, no.
It starts with one of you,
then it...
[all vomiting]
[gagging] Oh! Sorry.
I can't...
[roaring]
[growling battle cry]
[wicked cackling]
Huh?
Now!
While he's distracted!
This floor looks clear.
I'll go up,
you go down.
[grunting]
[growls]
[screams]
[screaming]
[grunting]
[screams]
[hydraulic gears strain]
[metal creaking]
[grunting with effort]
I've got you.
We're gonna be fine.
We'll get out of this.
[straining with effort]
[metal creaking]
[groaning with effort]
[metal creaking above]
[woman] No, no,
what about you?
[cable hissing]
[metal compressing]
[groaning]
[screams]
[gasping]
[♪♪♪]
[hydraulic gears retract]
[building crumbling]
Behind you.
[explosion]
You're welcome.
[War Woman]
Get those soldiers out of here!
[rifles firing]
[Immortal]
We can take it from here.
Too dangerous for you.
[soldier screams]
When we crush
the Guardians of the Globe
and kill the president,
no one will be left
to stop us!
[blows thud]
[distant screaming]
Take my hand!
I had him.
[energy crackling]
Ah. All clear.
The building is clear.
It's just us.
Evacuation complete.
Now we can cut loose
and focus on
taking these brutes down.
- [roars]
- [thud]
[hit thuds]
[heavy blows]
[water gushing]
[groaning]
Ah!
[groans]
[roaring angrily]
[energy crackling]
[grumbling]
[rapid blows]
[growling]
Ah!
[devices beeping]
- [clang]
- Ah!
[groans]
[devices beeping]
[explosion]
[sharp knocking on door]
Mom? What!
I'll be out in a minute!
I don't have
a minute.
Mom!
My bathroom's
out of soap.
Get over yourself.
I used to change
your diapers, kid.
There's nothing
going on down there
I haven't seen before.
Just get out!
[news report] As you can see,
the scene is absolute chaos
as the Mauler twins...
Looks like
Dad's saving the White House.
Alone?
Guardians are there, too.
Who are they fighting?
Ugh, Mauler Twins.
Looks like we won't be
getting breakfast together
this morning.
Bummer.
It's the White House, Mom.
Kind of important.
Oh, they rebuild that thing
twice a year at this point.
If it's not Doc Seismic,
it's the Lizard League,
or someone else.
I doubt the President
still lives there.
I'm not too late!
I'm gonna shower.
Not so fast.
Come here first.
[Mark groans]
Don't make me
get the spray bottle.
Now, let's get you
out of that costume.
Boundaries, people!
Bathroom doors
are closed for a reason,
and parents should never,
ever talk about sex
in front of their kids!
You should be overjoyed
to see your parents
passionately expressing
their love for each other.
Now stop griping.
Get ready for school.
Couldn't you at least wait
until I leave the house...
for college!
What were you thinking?
Paris?
Actually,
I was kind of pulling
for that little cafe
in Berlin.
I've been jonesing
for those sausages.
Aw, man, you guys
are going to Best Wurst?
I love that place!
You've got school.
When your powers kick in,
you can go on your own.
Salt on the wound, Dad.
They've gotta be due
any day now, son.
Even the latest bloomers
on Viltrum
would get their powers
before what would be
their 18th birthday.
You'll see.
[quietly]
Don't get his hopes up.
Bye!
Have fun!
I'll just be walking,
on the ground,
with my feet.
[whooshing overhead]
[sighs]
[grunts]
[grunting]
[chuckles awkwardly]
Morning.
Uh, just, uh...
just trying to break in
these new shoes.
- Ugh!
- [school bell rings]
[William] Mauler Twins
attack the White House?
Nuts, right?
I saw.
I can't believe
the Guardians of the Globe
let them get that close
to killing the President.
They didn't even get
into the building,
and Omni-Man was there, too.
You're such
an Omni-Maniac.
Way to root
for the underdog.
Big fan of the Yankees,
are you?
Sure, he's hot and all,
and that mustache...
[sighs]
Sorry!
Okay, straight stuff.
You up for some
Clash Crash tonight?
I'm hoping for a Level 43
chest armor.
[sighs]
Don't bring up
that stupid job, man.
Don't be that person.
When's the last time
you bought a comic book?
Those things are expensive,
and they're doing Seance Dog
twice a month all summer.
You're into
the stupidest stuff.
[girl shouts]
Knock it off, Todd!
[Todd scoffs] Come on...
Quit playing games.
I know you're crazy about me.
Marcy told me.
Well, you are
big and strong, aren't you?
You know it.
And you think
that makes it okay
for you to harass me?
Hey, don't walk away from me.
What, are you
a lesbian or something?
Oh, my god, I wish!
Would you
leave me alone then?
Let go of me,
so I can go find
a girl to kiss!
Don't.
Guy's twice your size.
Maybe you can just
sit back and watch this?
I can't.
I can because
I'm not Omni-Man,
and neither are you.
Let's see.
[Mark clears his throat]
I think Amber's
been pretty clear
about how she feels, Todd.
Are you serious, Grayson?
Look...
[grunts]
Leave him alone!
[Todd groaning]
What are you lookin' at?
[Mark groaning]
Thank you.
[weakly] Yup.
[groaning]
[grunting with effort]
[grunts with effort]
[straining]
Close one.
[grunts]
Huh.
It's about time.
[crickets chirping]
And a big welcome home
to my favorite son.
I made some chicken,
but I also heated up
some authentic German bratwurst
flown in special today,
just for you.
I... had
a pretty interesting day.
[whoosh]
Sorry I'm late.
Honest to god, a dragon
was attacking Hong Kong.
I stopped it.
Ooh, a dragon.
Nice.
Mark was getting ready
to tell us
how interesting
his day was.
Guess who's finally
getting his powers?
Are you sure?
Pretty sure.
Threw a trash bag into space
at work.
Oh, that's great, Son,
just great!
If you're up for it,
I'll make some time
tomorrow for training.
This is so exciting!
Bright and early
tomorrow, Mark.
Make sure you get
a good night's sleep.
Ha! For sure!
[sighs]
[Nolan's voice, in memory]
Okay, Son, bear with me...
This is gonna be a little
awkward for both of us.
You may have noticed
that I'm not like
normal dads.
Your mother and I think
it's time you knew the truth.
We think you're old enough
for me to tell you
where I really come from.
Millions of miles from here,
out in deep space,
is the planet Viltrum...
It's a cool blue oasis
alone in a solar system
much like our own.
I was born on this planet.
Viltrumites
are very similar to humans,
except we can fly,
move at super speed,
and possess great strength.
When our people come of age,
we leave Viltrum,
and venture out
into the galaxy,
using our abilities to help
lesser-developed worlds.
I volunteered to relocate
to Earth,
and be its sole protector.
That's when I met
your mother...
and we eventually had you.
I know this is a lot
to take in at one time,
but you're
half Viltrumite, Son,
and you're getting older.
Things are gonna
start to change for you
in a few years
as you hit puberty.
You're gonna get acne.
Your voice will start to crack
as it begins to change.
You'll begin to grow hair
in strange places,
and you're gonna start
to develop superpowers
of your own.
Just like me,
super strength and speed,
flight, the whole bit.
Do you understand?
I'm gonna be able to fly?
Yes, Son,
you're gonna be able to fly...
I'm gonna be able to fly.
Whew.
Don't look down...
Stop looking down!
I'm not going down.
I'm gonna fly up,
because I can fly.
What if I can't yet?
No, no, no, okay.
Dad always said
it was like a reflex,
so if I don't want to fall,
I won't,
and even if I do,
maybe it won't even hurt,
or maybe...
Ah, screw it!
[laughs]
Whoo-hoo!
[♪♪♪]
Whoa... oh, crap.
Whoa! Oh, god...
Whoo-hoo-hoo-hoo!
Ugh!
No, no, no, no, no...
[screaming]
[gasping in panic]
[breathing hard]
[sighs]
[dazed gasping]
[sound fades]
[wind whistling]
[screams]
[alarm chimes and vibrates]
[silences alarm]
[groans]
Put some pants on,
and let's get
in the sky, my boy.
I'll... put some coffee on.
It's kinda like
how you walk,
and you don't think about
balancing anymore,
but when you were a baby,
you did.
You're a baby flyer right now.
You have to focus
on staying upright,
focus on going
the direction you want to go.
Understand?
Yeah.
I think I got it.
It doesn't look like you do.
Follow me.
[grunting with effort]
No, no...
[grunts]
You can wear yourself out
flying.
Moving fast
is like tensing a muscle.
You're much better off
if you relax that muscle
from time to time,
use the momentum you're building
to carry you forward.
Okay, you don't want to fall,
so you're gonna have trouble
relaxing.
It's kind of like
peeing your pants on purpose.
What?
Peeing your pants on purpose.
You know, you spend
your whole life
trying not to pee your pants,
so letting go,
peeing your pants on purpose,
it's next to impossible.
How how do you know this?
Who would try that?
You are far better at flying
than you should be.
Late-night practice?
Is that why you're so tired?
[Mark] Don't try to change
the subject.
Land over there.
Slow down.
Land. I said, land.
Why aren't you slowing down?
I can't!
Stop. Just stop!
[screams]
Okay.
I guess that still counts
as a landing.
Get up.
[groaning]
Come on, we're gonna try
something else.
I'm actually getting
used to this a little.
That's not good.
Try to hit me.
- Really?
- Yeah.
Use your whole body.
You can punch with your arm,
but if you punch
with your shoulder,
your hips,
and your legs as well,
it'll be much more powerful.
It'll take a while
to get the hang of it.
Okay.
Now, with us,
we can freely move ourselves
through physical space.
That's how we fly.
So we don't have to pivot
on our feet
and push off the ground.
We can literally
push off anything.
We can create our own leverage.
Good...
but try it
a little more like this.
Like what?
[gasps for air]
[gasping for breath] Dad...
You hurt me.
[gasps, groaning]
I know, Son.
I didn't...
I didn't mean
to hit you so hard.
I'm sorry.
[groans, crying]
Why did you do that?
Mark...
if you really wanna do
what I do,
you have to be prepared
for anything.
No one is gonna
pull their punches.
[door opens]
So...
how badly did that go?
I pushed him pretty far.
It's what he needs.
Did you maybe
push too far?
Are you questioning me?
What the hell
has gotten into you?
I don't know.
I...
I'm sorry.
Mark got his powers so late,
I wasn't prepared for this.
It changes things.
I can't help but think,
maybe our lives
would be better
if he hadn't
gotten them at all.
[shuts door firmly]
Jeez, man.
You still sore
from Todd's thrashing?
What's up?
Huh?
No, I'm fine.
Okay, man.
You sure look fine.
[Todd, jeering]
Hey, Mark Grayson...
[Mark groans]
...and I don't see Amber
anywhere nearby
to protect your sorry ass.
Todd, please.
Just don't...
Don't?
[laughs meanly]
Don't what?
Don't kick your ass again?
Or what?
Are you threatening me?
Or do you need a replay
of what happened last time, ass?
Hit me.
Go on.
Hit me as hard as you can.
[grunts]
Again.
[heavy thud, bystanders gasp]
Harder.
[grunts]
[gasps of concern]
Freak!
Dude, what is up with you?
I need something to punch.
He just walked away, Mark!
You missed your chance.
[distant gunshots]
Gunfire...
Where did the gunfire go?
[shots echo,
crows cawing in alarm]
There!
[distant gunfire]
Whoa... [grunts]
Dammit.
[gunfire, close by]
- [alarm ringing]
- Let's go!
[gunfire ricocheting]
You're not supposed
to run with us, you idiot!
You're supposed
to stay behind
so we can get away!
You brought me along
to protect you from the cops.
I can't do that
if I hang back
and let them shoot me.
Shut up
and get us over the fence!
Huh?
[grunts]
Meant to do that.
[groans]
Who the hell are you?
I'm...
Uh...
I guess I'm working
on that.
Any suggestions?
Captain Guy with a hole
punched through him?
Doesn't really
roll off the tongue.
Anything else?
[grunts]
[breathing hard]
[roaring]
[grunts]
[grunting, walls crumbling]
[yelps]
[screams]
[grunts]
[truck clanking]
Huh, what about Ass Kicker?
No...
that sounds
willfully childish.
What are you thinking?
[Omni-Man] You look ridiculous.
[police sirens approaching]
Let's get outta here.
[grunting] Whoa...
Oof!
Honestly,
I think you might have
skipped a few steps, Mark.
Seemed to work out just fine.
It may not
look like much,
but you did far more
damage down there
than you needed to.
I don't think
you're ready.
Hit me.
What?
Hit me now.
Do it!
I wasn't ready before.
Now I am.
I can take it.
Come on!
I'm not gonna hit you.
You'd never
hit me before, okay?
It scared me.
It wasn't too much,
I could take the pain.
I'm strong.
I know you are.
No, you don't!
I know you think
I can't do this!
Hit me, and let me
prove you wrong!
Please, Dad!
Please just hit me.
Oh, Son...
I'm strong enough,
and I can do this!
It's all I ever wanted
for as long as I can remember.
I wanna do what you do.
I wanna be just like you.
You will be, Son.
You will.
Let me make this up to you.
Follow me.
You're taking me shopping?
I am.
[door entry buzzer sounds]
Were you seen?
Who are you talking to?
Sorry, sorry.
Just need to ask.
Whoa...
[Tailor]
Prom dresses by day,
indestructible super suits
by night.
I'm Art Rosenbaum, kid.
Pleasure to finally meet you.
I've heard so much
about you.
You, too.
Heh.
Your dad's never
mentioned me, has he?
Well, I...
He's a teenager, Art.
He barely remembers anything
he doesn't see in the mirror
every morning.
Wait, super suits?
Am I getting
a costume?
Do you make
Dad's costumes?
He's a quick one,
this kid.
I can't have you
running around in your pajamas
all the time.
Oh, man!
[laughing]
Awesome!
Wait, do you already
have one made for me?
Is it a surprise?
Usually, we start
with a conversation,
and I make something custom,
but I do have one
that might work.
What do you think?
Well...
I don't know about
the orange and yellow.
It's pretty loud.
Dad?
Not your best work, Art.
[chuckles]
Can't blame a guy
for trying to move
unsold merchandise.
I like the goggles.
They'd keep the wind
out of my eyes when I fly,
but I was really, like,
hoping for something more, uh...
I don't know...
iconic?
Of course you were.
That's what everyone wants.
Iconic.
A symbol.
Something kids
will draw
in the margins
of their notebooks
while they daydream about
being as cool as you.
It's also tough as hell
to pull off,
but listen,
your dad being who he is,
I'm willing to put
a lot of elbow grease
into this one...
but I'm gonna need
a little help from you.
Have you decided on a name yet?
I haven't really
thought about it.
Well, having a name helps.
Darkwing has dark wings,
the Red Rush is a red rush
when he runs by you.
You get it?
You give me
something to go on,
I'll strive for iconic.
Think about it
and get back to me.
[chuckles]
Mark?
[distant thud]
[whoosh]
[exhales wearily]
[panting]
What the hell was that?
Uh...
practicing my landings?
Yeah, I see that now.
Yeah, uh...
sorry about the yard.
What are you doing?
I need practice, Mom.
I can't land well,
I can't fly all that fast.
I need to be better.
Mark, you need to sleep.
I need to practice.
Honey it's the middle
of the night.
I have work tomorrow,
you have school.
Get inside right now.
Make me.
Does that make you feel strong?
To know I can't physically
make you do something?
Is that what you need?
[sighs]
This is important.
Remember when
you were little,
and we'd talk
almost every night
before you went to bed?
You'd tell me
about whatever jerk
made fun of your hair,
and I'd tell you about
all the girl drama
I lived through
so you'd feel better?
I can't talk to you
while we soar
through the clouds,
but... but I'm still here.
It used to be
you and me,
and this crazy
world-saving,
super-powered
father of yours.
Now it's you and him,
and your boring, old,
normal mom.
Mom...
It's okay, sweetheart.
I get it.
You have to move away
from the normal life with me,
and get used to being...
something more,
like your dad.
Yeah, but see,
that's what I'm worried about.
I'm nothing like Dad.
I'm more like you.
I'm nothing special.
[chuckles] Oh...
Like a knife to the heart
with this one.
Ah... crap.
You know what I mean.
After everything he's done,
how could I possibly
live up to all that?
Who says you have to?
You don't have to be
the greatest Omni-Man ever.
You just have to be
the greatest you.
And what if the greatest me
isn't enough?
Mark, you stupid boy.
How could the greatest you
not be enough?
Thank you.
I love my boring,
powerless, everyday,
run-of-the-mill Mom.
And I love my asshole son.
[Nolan] You seem tired.
[Mark] I'm fine.
Just got...
a lot on my mind, I guess.
Oh, yeah?
So, what is it?
You're just gonna keep prying
if I'm evasive at all,
so, um...
I'm scared, Dad.
What if I can't do this?
You hear it?
I do.
Get ready.
[whooshing]
Were you nervous?
A little.
But you caught it?
I did.
Being a superhero
is no different.
This is the beginning
of a long journey
for you and me.
Along the way,
you're gonna need
to do things
you don't want to do,
or might not think
you can do.
It's okay to be scared.
It's natural
to doubt yourself,
but if you can
push through that,
and do what needs to be done,
you'll do just fine.
Do you think
you can do that, Mark?
Yeah.
[splat]
Son...
kids your age
think they're invincible,
and it holds them back,
makes them careless.
The thing is...
you're different.
You actually are...
[sizzling]
Invincible.
[door buzzes open]
[panting breathlessly]
Got it.
Okay, kid.
Let's get to work.
[♪♪♪]
["Broken Boy"
by Cage the Elephant plays]
[♪♪♪]
♪ I was born on the wrong side
of the train tracks ♪
♪ I was raised with the strap
across my back ♪
♪ Lay me on my side
or hold me up to the light ♪
♪ Yeah ♪
♪ I was burned by the cold kiss
of a vampire ♪
♪ I was bit by the whisper
of a soft liar ♪
♪ Any good friend of yours
is a good friend of mine ♪
[♪♪♪]
♪ Broken boy ♪
♪ How does it feel? ♪
♪ How does it feel?
How does it feel? ♪
[♪♪♪]
♪ Tell me why I'm forced
to live in this skin ♪
♪ Tell me why I was born
♪ I'm an alien
Not just an alien ♪
♪ Oh! ♪
[explosion]
Crap.
[sonic boom]
[explosions continue]
[circuits crackle]
You guys think
you might have bitten off
more than you can chew?
That building
has a hole in it, look!
[firing]
[hydraulics whirring]
[power surging]
Shit!
[screams]
[laughs]
[power surging]
[grunts]
[walls crumbling]
Whoa...
All clear?
Whoo!
[groaning]
[sirens approaching]
[roars]
Ow!
[grunts]
[screams]
[groaning]
Huh?
You might as well give up.
I'm...
[woman] I just mean,
he is a fish person.
I think you should maybe
be nicer to him.
It must be hard for him
to make friends.
He's got a whole ocean
of friends,
but you're right, I'll...
[villain] Run!
I want to see fear in your eyes!
The same fear...
What is this?
I do my best
to make friends
with the guy.
Josef!
You promised!
Huh? Oh, crap.
How is this going to work
if I can't hold your interest
through one conversation?
Hold my interest?
Olga, please.
You can't see things how I do.
My perception
is just as fast as I am.
The briefest conversation
with anyone
seems like hours to me.
It's agony.
[sighs]
But with you, it's a gift.
Your voice is like music.
You're thoughtful,
compassionate,
beautiful woman.
I hang on every word.
Hmm.
You mean that?
I do.
[alert beeps]
That's...
Guardians emergency.
I'm so very sorry.
I understand.
Go.
Denver is toast, Immortal!
I'm going out,
and I'm taking
the whole city with me!
I've lined my suit
with plutonium!
[screaming]
When in doubt,
throw them into space.
- [alert beeping]
- Huh?
[sighs]
[alert beeping]
[gasps]
Finally, some action!
[roars]
Holly, wait up!
Please, Connie,
don't waste
any more of my time.
This is good news.
With our third quarter roll-out
of Haven Storm 4.0,
our market share should rise
by a minimum of 10%.
We have a spectacular year
ahead of us.
The new roll-out
of Haven Storm
was supposed
to be free.
I'm not worried
about the shareholders' year.
I want a spectacular year
for the world.
[alert beeping]
Don't you do enough
for the world?
None of us do.
[energy whooshing]
[♪♪♪]
[grunts]
Come on!
[laughs]
Come on, you're almost there!
You got this!
[squeals in triumph]
You did it!
[giggles]
Oh, crap.
Sorry!
Okay, got it.
[gasping]
Are you okay?
I am fine.
We did it.
I'd never expanded myself
to that extent.
That was... intense.
[alert beeping]
Aw, man, take me with you.
Come on, I can help!
No, Nikki.
You know Guardians' business
is too dangerous
for human children.
[Nikki] Oh, man...
[camera shutter clicking]
[Alana] Aw, you're doing
so good. That's it!
Ooh, yes, like that.
Like that!
Keep going.
Aw, yes, yes, yes,
hold that, hold that.
[alert beeping]
[scoffs]
What is that beeping?
Uh...
That's a wrap.
Uh, great work, everyone!
[straining]
We're in.
Uh... Sam?
What?
Darkwing.
Don't worry about him.
He can't be everywhere.
[devices beep]
Luckily,
I don't have to be everywhere.
Only where I'm needed.
[grunts]
[roars]
[devices beep]
[yelps]
[groans]
[devices beep]
[groaning]
I know
what's in this building,
and I know who wants it.
Tell me about your boss.
[scoffs]
We look like rats to you?
[Guardians' alert beeps]
I'll check back with you
tomorrow.
[calmly] Wing Jet.
[hatch hissing open]
[murmurs falling silent]
Darkwing,
why did you call us here?
Me?
So none of us
signaled the alert?
Oh, god, what's going on?
Is it bad?
[gasps]
Huh?
[gasps of shock]
[gasping]
Omni-Man?
[battle cry]
[grunts]
[roars]
[straining]
[punch hammering]
[grunting in pain]
[bone cracking]
[roaring]
[bone crunching]
[screaming]
[squelching]
- No!
Why have you done this?
[snapping]
Ah!
[grunts]
[Darkwing screams]
[splashing]
Oh, no.
[squelching]
[gasps]
[roaring]
[water gushing]
Are you all right?
I live.
Someone must be
controlling him.
He would never do this.
Regardless, it's him or us.
I choose us.
[screaming battle cry]
[heavy thud]
[groans]
[grunting]
Ah!
[smashing]
[squelching]
[roaring]
[roars]
[grunts]
[splashing]
[blows thudding]
[groans]
[tearing]
[snaps]
- [growls]
- [splashing]
[gurgled groan]
[roaring battle cry]
[cracking]
[gurgled gasp]
[splashing]
[exhales]
[gasping and wheezing]
[whispers] Why?
Why!
[splashing]
[thuds wetly]
[breathing hard]
[sighs]
[groans]